session.appsFile:                         ~/.fluxbox/apps
session.autoRaiseDelay:                   250
session.cacheLife:                        20l
session.cacheMax:                         32768l
session.colorsPerChannel:                 4
session.configVersion:                    10
session.doubleClickInterval:              200
session.forcePseudoTransparency:          true
session.ignoreBorder:                     false
session.imageDither:                      True
session.keyFile:                          ~/.fluxbox/keys
session.menuFile:                         ~/.fluxbox/menu
session.opaqueMove:                       False
session.screen0.allowRemoteActions:       true
session.screen0.autoRaise:                true
session.screen0.clickRaises:              true
session.screen0.clientMenu.usePixmap:     true
session.screen0.colPlacementDirection:    TopToBottom
session.screen0.defaultDeco:              NORMAL
session.screen0.demandsAttentionTimeout:  500
session.screen0.edgeSnapThreshold:        10
session.screen0.focusModel:               ClickFocus
session.screen0.focusNewWindows:          true
session.screen0.followModel:              Ignore
session.screen0.fullMaximization:         false
session.screen0.iconbar.alignment:        Relative
session.screen0.iconbar.iconTextPadding:  5l
session.screen0.iconbar.iconWidth:        50
session.screen0.iconbar.mode:             {static groups} (workspace)
session.screen0.iconbar.usePixmap:        true
session.screen0.maxDisableMove:           false
session.screen0.maxDisableResize:         false
session.screen0.maxIgnoreIncrement:       true
session.screen0.menu.alpha:               208
session.screen0.menuDelay:                200
session.screen0.menuDelayClose:           200
session.screen0.menuMode:                 Delay
session.screen0.noFocusWhileTypingDelay:  0l
session.screen0.opaqueMove:               false
session.screen0.overlay.capStyle:         CapNotLast
session.screen0.overlay.joinStyle:        JoinMiter
session.screen0.overlay.lineStyle:        LineSolid
session.screen0.overlay.lineWidth:        1
session.screen0.rootCommand:
session.screen0.rowPlacementDirection:    LeftToRight
session.screen0.showwindowposition:       true
session.screen0.slit.acceptKdeDockapps:   true
session.screen0.slit.alpha:               240
session.screen0.slit.autoHide:            false
session.screen0.slit.layer:               Dock
session.screen0.slit.maxOver:             false
session.screen0.slit.onhead:              0
session.screen0.slit.onTop:               False
session.screen0.slit.placement:           RightBottom
session.screen0.strftimeFormat:           %02k:                                                                   %M
session.screen0.tabFocusModel:            ClickToTabFocus
session.screen0.tab.height:               20
session.screen0.tab.placement:            LeftTop
session.screen0.tabs.intitlebar:          true
session.screen0.tabs.maxOver:             false
session.screen0.tabs.usePixmap:           true
session.screen0.tab.width:                144
session.screen0.titlebar.left:            Stick Shade
session.screen0.titlebar.right:           Minimize Maximize Close
session.screen0.toolbar.alpha:            176
session.screen0.toolbar.autoHide:         false
session.screen0.toolbar.height:           22
session.screen0.toolbar.layer:            Dock
session.screen0.toolbar.maxOver:          false
session.screen0.toolbar.onhead:           0
session.screen0.toolbar.onTop:            False
session.screen0.toolbar.placement:        BottomCenter
session.screen0.toolbar.tools:            prevworkspace, workspacename, nextworkspace, iconbar, systemtray,clock
session.screen0.toolbar.visible:          true
session.screen0.toolbar.widthPercent:     100
session.screen0.tooltipDelay:             500
session.screen0.userFollowModel:          Follow
session.screen0.window.focus.alpha:       208
session.screen0.windowMenu:               ~/.fluxbox/windowmenu
session.screen0.windowPlacement:          RowSmartPlacement
session.screen0.windowScrollAction:
session.screen0.windowScrollReverse:      false
session.screen0.window.unfocus.alpha:     224
session.screen0.workspaceNames:           1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,A,B,C,D,E,F,
session.screen0.workspaces:               4
session.screen0.workspacewarping:         true
session.slitlistFile:                     ~/.fluxbox/slitlist
session.styleFile:                        ~/fluxbox/styles/carbonium_blue
session.styleOverlay:                     ~/.fluxbox/overlay
session.tabPadding:                       0
session.tabsAttachArea:                   Window
